Today's video is a complete guide on how to completely block these spam calls that are coming in relentlessly. Really, nowadays, even calls from numbers starting with '010' are coming through, and it's not just a one or two-time thing. Since we're short on time, let's jump right into it. The first method is to block these so-called legal calls that come due to checkboxes we inadvertently agreed to when signing up for memberships and such. However, these type of calls are actually quite easy to block. Simply search "두낫콜" on the internet. Then two identical sites will pop up. The one that ends with ".or.kr" is for blocking bank or insurance-related, financial sector sales calls, and the one ending with ".지오.kr" is for blocking other types of solicitation and sales calls. Just go into each and press the options for registering your number on the "두낫콜" list and requesting to opt out of receiving calls. 

The second type is for election or opinion survey spams, which is much simpler to deal with. Simply make a call to the number displayed and follow the automated response prompts to reject calls by saying, "Hello. I refuse to provide assured numbers." This way, the automated response will prevent these calls from coming in. The third type is genuine illegal spam. This is actually the biggest issue realistically because once your information is leaked or they send random calls, it's hard to stop it at the source. But there is one way, and that is by using the free app called "후후." In fact, over 10 million people are already using it. The core feature allows you to quickly identify and block unknown numbers by confirming whether it's spam or not, giving you peace of mind. Even if it's not spam, you can verify the number and caller ID, making it really convenient. 

Also, due to the recent rise in voice phishing scams, when you receive a call from any official bank number nationwide, a separate logo will be displayed, allowing you to immediately identify if it's a legitimate call or not. Oh, and one last tip. If you scroll down the home screen, you'll see the real-time spam ranking here. By clicking on this, you'll see numbers with high spam indices. Simply press "block all" here. Next, go to report type and block all of the top 10 spam types shown here. By doing this, you'll experience a significant decrease in nuisance calls for the time being. It's definitely recommended. If you found today's video even a bit useful, please hit the like button. It really helps with the production.